Well learn how to create and delete databases tables from SQLite as well as how to add columns to an existing table.

Database structures.
realtional database ike SQLite store data in a structure we refer to as a table.

Column names
we always use lowercase letters when reffering to columns names in our database.
when we have multiple words in a columns name we link them together using underscores rather thatn spaces. we 
call this convection snake case
for instance first_name and last_name

DATABASE TABLES.
How to create, alter and delete database tables.

CREATING TABLES 
-> when we create a new database, it comes like a sort of black slate. we can therefore create a table inside our dtabase using hte following statement

 run in the terminal the following command lines 
1. sqlite3 name of the database.db then click enter 
2. Then run the following 
     CREATE TABLE name of choice (
        write the names of the columns while specifying the data type of each column 
        for example 

        id INTEGER PRIMARY KET 
        name TEXT
        age INTEGER
     );

     Write them inside the parenthesis and after the closing parentrhsis add the colon.
     the use of capital letters when describing the datatypes is so that we can differentiate the sqlite command from the names we make for the columns
     Note also that everytime we define the id as a name of a column we should include the INTEGER PRIMARY KEY designation.
     SQLite databse tables must be indexed by a number. 
     we want each row in our table to have a number,w hich well call id just like in an excel spreadsheet.
     numbering out tables rows make our data that mush easier toa ccess update and organize.
     SQLite comes with a data type designation called Primary key.
     primary kets are unique and auto-increamenting meaning thet strt at 1 and each new row automatically gets assigned the next numeric values.
     
ALTER TABLE.
say we have created a database and a table within that database,
and we want to remve or add a column or row in the table.
we can use the ALTER TABLE statement.
   1. Adding , remving and renaming columns.
   - say we have to add a new columns, breed to our cats table.
    run the following command in the terminal
      ALTER TABLE cats ADD COLUMN breed TEXT
   when you run .schema you will notice that the table has been updated with another column named breed 
    the ALTER statement is not inlcuded but the CREATE statement in included, the schema reflects the current structure of the database 
    which is reflected as the CREAET statement necessasry to create that structure.

DELETING A TABLE from the database 
For this we use the DROP TABLE statement
run the following command line in your terminal
DROP TABLE cats;

you can exit the sqlite prompt with the .quit command.